hi i am 420 nurse cha-cha Vavoom and
here we have our beautiful Apple 5k
27-inch we decided to go with all the
features that applicant offer to upgrade
our computer except for the memory this
computer comes with a gig ram and we
decided to up upgrade our memory with o
WC let's see how much memory this guy
includes for us as you can see this guy
has 32 gigs of memory let's see what
this baby can do now i'm going to show
you guys how to install a memory from a
2012 27 inch computer to a brand-new 5k
what we have here check out this
beautiful 5k monitor with beautiful
vivid colors it comes with a standard 4
gigabyte RAM now we're going to upgrade
it to it 32 gigabyte RAM let's see what
this bad boy could do here we have our
brand new 32 gigs of ram make sure your
computer's off go ahead and unplug it
I'm going to grab my scissors I'm going
to pop the back open to grab the module
open just like that go ahead and grab
that now we remove the old memory
here is the old memory we're going to go
ahead and put the memory in we have one
last one to put in there let's go ahead
and close it up make sure you put this
the right way top first pop it in easy
as that your wires are plugged in now
let's see if our new memory works so it
turned on which means that we did
install the memory right as you can see
our memory upgrade was successful we now
have a 32 gigabyte memory on a 5k
computer now the 420 nurses are going to
be able to produce the best quality
videos the best pictures out there for
everyone out there so thank you so much
for watching and let me know your
comments and questions